oh thanks for coming I'm already
intimidated I have to say you know I
watch the show
they're very scary on it yeah it brings
out my natural sadist yeah yeah what I
can give vent to all the things I feel
during the day I can do it in my work as
well that is nice release you know to be
able to tell people to off is really
[Applause]
Golden Globe did you go in thinking that
you would win it's a weird feeling it's
not a comfortable feeling you know no I
wasn't sure one way or the other and
then you sit there and then you they
announced it's the and and everything
goes through your head like I don't want
I don't want I don't want it yes I do
yes I do yes and no I don't I don't want
I shouldn't have actually yes I do yes
it's just crazy in a dialogue which does
your head in you know the show on the
show and you play a guy who's kind of
based on a Rupert Murdoch type and you
go back to be on your character Logan or
it goes back to be honored in your home
the characters hometown of Scotland yeah
but I didn't realize it is your actual
well it's out the story behind that is
interesting what happened was that when
I started playing it when it was
suggested to me I suggest I could play
it Scots and Jesse Armstrong was against
it neither Mackay was forest but they
decided no he's got to be Americans got
to be American so I said okay it's
American and I played more Americans
than or anything so I said yeah okay so
we did it and then in the first episode
said born in Quebec Canada so that's
fine American Vermont
yeah it's okay so I went through nine
episodes and on the ninth episode Peter
Freedman who plays Frank who I keep
firing and rehiring he comes up to me
and he said you know they've changed
your birthplace and I said what do you
mean they've changed my birthplace he
said oh yeah you know you're no longer
born in Quebec
Canada I said so where am I born he said
well hang on
so check out his devices so here we are
Dundee Scotland and I said but that's
what I was born up to brilliant Jesse
I'm so who's the creator of the show
yeah fantastic and I said what what he
said oh we thought it'd be a little
surprise surprise just on my head in 4/9
episode and so then you go there to
shoot I go there to shoot and is that I
mean to go home to have a homecoming
like that is that an overwhelming
experience yeah I mean I do go I have a
very elderly sister who lives here and I
do go home to done the quite a lot but
in this in these circumstances it was
the most odd thing because I was playing
a man who was going back to his hometown
who didn't have want to have anything to
do with his hometown and clearly hated
it and clearly was unhappy and I had to
be an me in life I was perfectly happy
with my hometown right so it was it was
a bit of a stretch it was almost like
you had there did you have old friends
show up on set anybody ask you for money
my my friends when they find out I'm in
town tend to disappear they do I said
what a great quality I know I envy it I
mean I other people in Vietnamese I can
actually count turn up somewhere and
everybody goes weirdly live now I live
in Brooklyn oh you live in Brooklyn Wow
how long you been there I've been there
11 years and do you find that now
because of the big popularity of this
show that Brooklyn Heights or if I could
find some Brooklynites that'd be very
all right yeah right because I live in
that area of Metrotech which is great
but you know the the genuine Brooklyn
Heights I think it'd be pushed out
somewhat you know yeah Yeah right no
it's I like Brooklyn it's a very much
your favorite thing about living in
Brooklyn going down to the pier Oh
walking along the front and then and
going down a Dumbo and I just loved that
whole area of the water around there
that's great yeah yeah yeah boy I never
would have guessed you lived in Brooklyn
no I never would have guessed and do you
know now are you aware of what will
happen in season three of the show no
thing to me is that we we don't know we
never know we I when I started the show
I kind of wanted to be in prepared and I
wanted to know what I'm doing next but
doesn't happen
I mean they've done they've done the
Bible they know the book they've done
all the writing on it
and it's always you get the writing just
in time to learn it
mm-hm and that's real and then you fall
oh oh this oh oh oh oh it's like that
the only time this is there any chance
they will change your birthplace again
that was difficult well the show is so
good I mean it's really I get imagine
that when you and you signed up for this
you didn't know what a sensation it will
become I mean I've been doing this game
for quite a few weeks yeah and I just
thought even to myself I just thought
this doesn't come along hasn't come
along too often in my career mm-hmm and
I could smell it you know you can smell
something and you I could smell the
script I could smell the whole the whole
situation Adam McKay Jesse I just
thought oh yeah that this is it this is
something well I know has turned out to
be I want you know what I mean this is
the highest possible compliment you are
a real son of a on that show I
mean
[Applause]
here's the practice Brian Cox everybody
when we returned we go all the way in
Las Vegas for a comedian hot glass hey
I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and through it
all of my MA goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you